Announcement Blog for '22 GC Elections (#1887)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2022/gc-election-results.md

---
title: Announcing the 2022 Governance Committee Election Results
linkTitle: 22 GC Election Results
date: 2022-10-21
author: Austin Parker
---

The OpenTelemetry project is proud to announce the winners of the 2022
OpenTelemetry Governance Committee (GC) election! Before we get into the
results, I'd like to share some statistics about the election!

This year, 541 project members were eligible to vote. Of those, 219 cast
ballots, for a participation rate of nearly 41%! For comparison, the 2021
election saw 169 ballots cast with 386 eligible voters. While our participation
percentage was down slightly, we're thrilled that we've welcomed so many new
project members over the past year!

> With that out of the way, please joining me in congratulating [Aloita

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that out of the way, please join me in congratulating [Alolita
```

> With that out of the way, please joining me in congratulating [Alolita

Reviewer: Can you confirm you did mean "joining" here? As a non-native speaker, I would write "join me in" instead, but I'm probably wrong.

Author: I did not! Good catch

Sharma](https://github.com/alolita), [Daniel Dyla](https://github.com/dyladan),
and [Morgan McLean](https://github.com/mtwo) on their re-election! They will be
joined by long-time contributor and maintainer of OpenTelemetry Java

> Instrumentation [Trask Stalnaker](https://github.com/trask)! They will all serve
> a two-year term.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instrumentation [Trask Stalnaker](https://github.com/trask)! All will serve
a two-year term.
```
Probably a little cleaner to not have two different "they"s.
